[ZIP-235] Add rationale for the 60/40 fee split (#1255)
zcash/zips: zips/zip-0235.md

If 60% of these fees are removed from circulation, that would be 210.864 ZEC per
year. [^zsf-fee-estimator]

## Rationale for the 60/40 split

An asymmetric fee split favoring the removal mechanism is preferred for two
reasons. [^nsm-incentives]

> 1. An equal split, or a split that favors miners, creates a long-term security

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An asymmetric fee split favoring the removal mechanism is preferred for the
following reason. [^nsm-incentives]

An equal split, or a split that favors miners, creates a long-term security
```

If 60% of these fees are removed from circulation, that would be 210.864 ZEC per
year. [^zsf-fee-estimator]

## Rationale for the 60/40 split

An asymmetric fee split favoring the removal mechanism is preferred for two
reasons. [^nsm-incentives]

1. An equal split, or a split that favors miners, creates a long-term security
concern. As issuance approaches zero, the proportion of fee revenue that a
miner can recoup through future block subsidies depends on their share of
network hash rate. Miners would face an incentive to roll back a preceding
block whenever the fee difference between adjacent blocks exceeds their
mining costs plus current issuance. By directing a larger share (60%) to the
removal mechanism and a smaller share (40%) to miners, the block-to-block
fee variation visible to miners is reduced, narrowing the window in which
rollback attacks are profitable.
2. An asymmetric split aids implementation correctness. Equal fractions
make it impossible to detect certain classes of bugs, such as swapping
the miner and removal fractions, or swapping the consensus checks on those

> amounts. Any split other than 50/50 makes such errors observable in testing.

Reviewer 2: Argument is weak

```suggestion
```
